# gradle-wrapper-open

Instructions for use in CS122B
---------------------------------------------------
1. Download and unzip using an archive program of your choice.

2. Create the project directory. Naming convention (assuming a class root directory of cs122b):

	../cs122b/edu.uci.ics.<UCInetID>.<project_name>
	// Ex for HW0: ../cs122b/edu.uci.ics.<UCInetID>.simple_server
	
3. Place all files except this README file in the directory of your project.
	- gradle/
	- gradlew
	- gradlew.bat

4. To initialize the project on...

	Linux/UNIX/OSX
		1.) Open a terminal and navigate to the project folder you created in step 2.
		2.) Change permission of gradlew to be executable:
			chmod +x ./gradlew
		3.) Run the gradle daemon:
			./gradlew init
		
	Windows
		1.) Open cmd prompt and navigate to the project folder you created in step 2.
		2.) Run the gradle daemon:
			gradlew.bat init
		
5. Gradle version 5.2.1 will be downloaded over the next few minutes.

6. When finished downloading, you will be prompted with a series of selections. Choose the following:

	Select 6 for java-application
	Select 1 for groovy
	Select 1 for junit
	<enter> to set directory name as package name
	<enter> to set directory name as project name

7. Then open IntelliJ. Select "open" from the welcome window to open an existing project. Navigate to the location of the directory you created in step 2. It will show up as a project now. Select and open it. A window with various settings for importing a gradle project will appear. Select the "auto-import" setting, and leave everything else as-is.

8. When the project opens, Gradle will generate and synchonize the necessary files. Among these will be:
	- build.gradle
	- settings.gradle
	- .gitignore
	
	These files control the Gradle project. All build changes that need to be made will be made in these.

9. When finished synchronizing, open build.gradle. Edit it so that it looks exactly as follows:

// Beginning of file (do not include this comment)
/*
 * This file was generated by the Gradle 'init' task.
 *
 * This generated file contains a sample Java project to get you started.
 * For more details take a look at the Java Quickstart chapter in the Gradle
 * User Manual available at https://docs.gradle.org/5.2.1/userguide/tutorial_java_projects.html
 */

plugins {
    // Apply the java plugin to add support for Java
    id 'java'
    // Apply support for Intellij Ultimate IDEA
    id 'idea'
    // Apply the application plugin to add support for building an application
    id 'application'
    // Apply support for creating fat JARs
    id 'com.github.johnrengelman.shadow' version '4.0.4'
}

repositories {
    // Use jcenter for resolving your dependencies.
    // You can declare any Maven/Ivy/file repository here.
    jcenter()
    mavenLocal()
    mavenCentral()
    maven { url "https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/" }
    maven { url "https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/releases/" }
}

dependencies {
    // This dependency is found on compile classpath of this component and consumers.
    implementation 'com.google.guava:guava:27.0.1-jre'

    // Use JUnit test framework
    testImplementation 'junit:junit:4.12'

    compile group: 'org.glassfish.jersey', name: 'project', version: '2.28', ext: 'pom'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.jersey.core', name: 'jersey-server', version: '2.28'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.jersey.core', name: 'jersey-common', version: '2.28'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.jersey.containers', name: 'jersey-container-grizzly2-http', version: '2.28'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.jersey.inject', name: 'jersey-hk2', version: '2.28'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.jersey.media', name: 'jersey-media-json-jackson', version: '2.28'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.grizzly', name: 'grizzly-http-servlet', version: '2.4.4'
    compile group: 'org.glassfish.grizzly', name: 'grizzly-http-server', version: '2.4.4'
    compile group: 'com.fasterxml.jackson.jaxrs', name: 'jackson-jaxrs-json-provider', version: '2.9.8'
    compile group: 'com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat', name: 'jackson-dataformat-yaml', version: '2.9.8'
    compile group: 'javax.ws.rs', name: 'javax.ws.rs-api', version: '2.1.1'
    compile group: 'commons-codec', name: 'commons-codec', version: '1.12'
    compile group: 'mysql', name: 'mysql-connector-java', version: '8.0.15'
}

// Define the main class for the application
mainClassName = 'edu.uci.ics.<UCInetID>.<project_name>.<className>'
// Example: 'edu.uci.ics.<UCInetID>.simple_server.SimpleServer'
// Example: 'edu.uci.ics.<UCInetID>.service.idm.IDMService'

// End of file (do not include this comment)

NOTE: mainClassName must point to a class which contains a main method. The Gradle initializer will create
a default app. Delete this and make your own java class with a main method.

10. When you have finished editing the build.gradle file, Gradle will automatically (or prompt you) to download all of the dependencies specified within build.gradle. You should take some time to examine the dependencies and determine what they do and why they are needed.